[docs] Update Using Facebook authentication guide (#22838)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/facebook-authentication.mdx

---
title: Using Facebook authentication
description: A guide on using react-native-fbsdk-next library to integrate Facebook authentication in your Expo project.
---

import { BoxLink } from '~/ui/components/BoxLink';
import ImageSpotlight from '~/components/plugins/ImageSpotlight';

The [`react-native-fbsdk-next`](https://github.com/thebergamo/react-native-fbsdk-next/) library provides a wrapper around Facebook's Android and iOS SDKs. It allows integrating Facebook authentication into your Expo project and provide access to native components.

This guide provides additional information on configuring the library with Expo for Android.

## Prerequisites

`react-native-fbsdk-next` requires [custom native code](/workflow/customizing/) and cannot be used with Expo Go. Before proceeding, you can either use:

- Android Studio or Xcode to build your project locally (see [Prebuild](/workflow/prebuild/) for more information)

> - [Development builds](/develop/development-builds/create-a-build/)

Reviewer: i think we can remove these links and the "Before proceeding, you can either use:"bit. we can saying that it requires custom native code.

maybe something like:

> The `react-native-fbsdk-next` library can't be used in the "Expo Go" app because it requires custom native code. [Learn more about adding custom native code to your app](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/customizing/).

## Installation

> For instructions on how to install the library and add the config plugin in the app config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the `react-native-fbsdk-next` documentation for instructions on how to install and configure the library:
```
